not Hong Kong's good  My economy is not
good, of course, also reflects the property market there, the property market is so falling and falling,
Chinese people do not have the money to buy a house, from the high position fell down to already
40 percent, so less people
Many people now go bankrupt, own people, they lost a
lot of assets, to the person or suddenly become very poor those who now
people go to England, because he has been calm, because,
how I have been calm  Over the youth honestly left already is,
do not do it so the remaining people in the country to drive the building, I used to tell
you people so say, I strictly doubt this, you consider
driving the house is the first thing  You don't ask, you don't care not to buy
a house, is it the average person to say so you look at the house, the house
this you these millions is very thousands or ten thousand good results you sweep every year at least worth
I count ten or not  Well, well,
yes Master, some friends really listen to me, to sell a house
, buy a house and then what?  The
UK is quite happy is to save some money, to leave
some money for him to drug university, others do not care so ah free two parents